Updated java file (#4838)
Ebazhanov/linkedin-skill-assessments-quizzes: java/java-quiz.md

[Explanation](Final classes are created so the methods implemented by that class cannot be overridden. It can't be inherited. These classes are declared final.)

#### Q149. What code is needed at line 8?
```class Main {
	public static void main(String[] args) {

		Map<String, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
		map.put("a", 1);
		map.put("b", 2);
		map.put("c", 3);

		int result = 0;

		
			result += entry.getValue();
		}

		System.out.println(result); //outputs 6
}
```
- [ ] 1. for(MapEntry<String, Integer> entry: map.entrySet()) {
- [ ] 2.for(String entry: map) {
- [ ] 3.for(Integer entry: map.values()) {
- [x] 4.for(Entry<String, Integer> entry: map.entrySet()) {
	
#### Q150. What will print when Lambo is instantiated?
```class Car {
	String color = "blue";
}

class Lambo extends Car {
	String color = "white";

	public Lambo() {
		System.out.println(super.color);
		System.out.println(this.color);
		System.out.println(color);
	}
}
```
- [x] blue
      white
      white

- [ ] blue
      white
      blue

- [ ] white
      white
      white

- [ ] white
      white
      blue

> #### Q 151. Which command will run a FrogSounds app that someone emailed to you as a jar?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Q151. Which command will run a FrogSounds app that someone emailed to you as a jar?
```
